Updates to python.pythonPath setting (#4674)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/python/python-tutorial.md

> **Note**: When using an Anaconda distribution, the correct interpreter should have the suffix `('base':conda)`, for example `Python 3.7.3 64-bit ('base':conda)`.

Selecting an interpreter sets which interpreter will be used by the Python extension for that workspace.

> > **Note**: If you select an interpreter without a workspace folder open, VS Code will set the interpreter in the User scope instead, which sets the default interpreter for VS Code in general. The user setting makes sure you always have a default interpreter for Python projects. The workspace settings lets you override the user setting.

Author: I am not 100% sure this still holds true, would love it if you could confirm @karrtikr! 😁

Reviewer: I don't think this is true, but @karrtikr can still verify. 😄

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note**: If you select an interpreter without a workspace folder open, VS Code sets `python.defaultInterpreterPath` in User scope instead, which sets the default interpreter for VS Code in general. The user setting makes sure you always have a default interpreter for Python projects. The workspace settings lets you override the user setting.
```
